1. What is a nested loop?

A nested loop is having a loop inside a loop. For example, if I have yield data for 3 planting rows with 3 different types of crops in each row. 
Nested loop can be used to go through each row to calculate yield of each row or each type of crops from different rows to get yield by crop. 


2. Which kind of loop is based on a conditional statement: while loops or for loops?

Both while loops and for loops are based on conditional statement. If we wish to iterate a sequence of elements inside a list, we will use a for loops. 
Codes within a block will be executed once for all the item in the list.Say, checking the height of every single plants in my field. A while loops will execute 
our codes as long as certain conditions is met. For instance, to set an automated system to water plant as long as the soils is below certain soil moisture level. 



3. When you want to iterate a specific number of times, would you typically use a while loop or a
for loop?
A for loop



4. Is it possible to loop through a string one letter at a time? What is the example given in the article?

Yes it is possible. The example given in one of the article is as follows:

sammy = 'Sammy'

for letter in sammy:
   print(letter)
Output
S
a
m
m
y


5. Extrapolate from what you learned in the articles: Do you think a for loop be nested inside a
while loop? Why or why not?

Yes, a for loop can be nested inside a while loop. A loops may need to be run multiple times with certain conditions. 

1) Let’s say, a plantation consist of 9 blocks inside a grid system of 3x3, some blocks are planted (say, 1) and some blocks are not planted yet (say, 0). 

2) Our goal is to stop planting until all blocks are planted. In addition, we would also like to know how many seedlings are planted in each blocks as 
some areas within a block may be too hilly to be planted. 

3)A for loop is being used to check if all the blocks has been planted or not (0 or 1), if is not planted (=condition A), we will plant it. 

4)If condition A is met, the seedlings counter will increase by the number of newly planted seedlings. 

5)A while loop can be used to keep planting all the seedlings until all plots are planted with a nested for loop to go through the grid until 
all the grids are planted. 

6) Once the condition of while loop is met (grid counter = 9), we will get a message telling us all blocks are planted and the total number of seedlings planted. 




